DataGrid - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#8900)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/00 Getting Started with DataGrid/50 Select Records.md

#include common-tutorialbutton-named with { url: "/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Selection/", name: "DataGrid - Selection" }

> DataGrid supports single and multiple selection. To enable this capability, configure the **selection**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/selection/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#mode') property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataGrid supports single and multiple row selection. To activate this capability, configure the **selection**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/selection/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#mode') property.
```

> DataGrid supports single and multiple row selection. To activate this capability, configure the **selection**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/selection/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#mode') property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataGrid supports single- and multiple-row selection. To enable row selection, configure the **selection**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/selection/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#mode') property.
```

> To obtain selected records at runtime, define [onSelectionChanged](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/onSelectionChanged.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged'). This tutorial configures **onSelectionChanged** to display selected employee names in an element outside of the component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Handle [onSelectionChanged](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/onSelectionChanged.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged') to obtain selected records at runtime. This tutorial uses **onSelectionChanged** to display selected employee names in an element outside the component:
```
